Worth At Least 45 Seconds of Your Time…
Published on March 28, 2010.
Let’s see, how long has it been since I started a new blog?
Probably too long ago if I can’t remember.
My mom sends me insane attachments in emails.
They’re usually collections of strange pictures and drug recall warnings.
I have a theory that Asian ladies communicate primarily by sending Powerpoint presentations to each other.
These emails are way too awesome to keep to myself, so I started a blog to document them.
I called it “Worth 45 Seconds” because one it was included in the subject heading of one of my favorite emails.
You can see that one on Worth 45 Seconds .
I’ll be adding more periodically as I sift through my backlog and as my mom keeps sending me new email forwards.